README.md, before:

# Spark

Spark is a lightweight, responsive, front-end web design framework with multiple colors and styles and a little Javascript icing.

## Styles
The framework comes pre-baked with several color themes that are interchangeable.
Currently, the base colors are __silver__ (default), __blue__, __green__, __orange__, __red__, __purple__, __lime__,  __dragonfruit__ and new to v2.0: __cosmic__.

## Nonintrusive
Spark is what we like to call nonintrusive. When you include the css/js files in the head of your HTML file, by default with no extra classes it styles only the bare necessities like font families/weights/sizes/colors, resets etc. While it may require slightly more markup than other frameworks to use theme elements, it’s much easier to customize elements with the default all-in Spark rather than having to call big long selector lists to override. And that’s why we started it.

## Simplicity
The whole basis of Spark is to keep things simple. Simple to use and simple to customize. We’ve got plans to make it even simpler but let’s take things one step at a time.

## The Project
The project lives here and at <http://www.codewithspark.com> where you can find detailed documentation on how to use it.

## Versioning
Spark is versioned using <a href="http://semver.org">Semantic Versioning</a>.

## Getting Started
Download the latest release from <http://www.codewithspark.com>. Inside the zip archive file you’ll find the following directories/files:

- __css/__ contains both the development and minified Spark CSS files
- __js/__ contains both development and minified Spark JS files (spark, modal and notifier) as well as html5shiv.js (HTML5 support in IE8)
- __font/__ contains the excellent FontAwesome webfont (included in Spark)
- __less/__ the LESS files for building Spark using the LESS compiler (Spark LESS files, FontAwesome LESS files and a handy vendors LESS file with functions for adding vendor prefixes to CSS3 properties in __less/classes__)
- __templates/__ some simple templates to get you started with Spark
- __LICENSE__ is Spark’s license file, under the MIT license
- __README.md__ is this file.

## Author &amp; Copyright
Spark is &copy; 2013-2014 __Scott Fotheringham__ at <a href="https://www.pixelbendstudios.com">Pixelbend Studios LTD.</a>, released under the [MIT license](dist/LICENSE).

Commit message:

Added update note to Readme

README.md, after:

# Spark

Spark is a lightweight, responsive, front-end web design framework with multiple colors and styles and a little Javascript icing.

# Update 24/01/2017

The Spark project isn't dead, I've just been busy with a million and one other things. I've started to put together a plan for Spark version 3 and will hopefully begin working on it soon.

## Styles
The framework comes pre-baked with several color themes that are interchangeable.
Currently, the base colors are __silver__ (default), __blue__, __green__, __orange__, __red__, __purple__, __lime__,  __dragonfruit__ and new to v2.0: __cosmic__.

## Nonintrusive
Spark is what we like to call nonintrusive. When you include the css/js files in the head of your HTML file, by default with no extra classes it styles only the bare necessities like font families/weights/sizes/colors, resets etc. While it may require slightly more markup than other frameworks to use theme elements, it’s much easier to customize elements with the default all-in Spark rather than having to call big long selector lists to override. And that’s why we started it.

## Simplicity
The whole basis of Spark is to keep things simple. Simple to use and simple to customize. We’ve got plans to make it even simpler but let’s take things one step at a time.

## The Project
The project lives here and at <http://www.codewithspark.com> where you can find detailed documentation on how to use it.

## Versioning
Spark is versioned using <a href="http://semver.org">Semantic Versioning</a>.

## Getting Started
Download the latest release from <http://www.codewithspark.com>. Inside the zip archive file you’ll find the following directories/files:

- __css/__ contains both the development and minified Spark CSS files
- __js/__ contains both development and minified Spark JS files (spark, modal and notifier) as well as html5shiv.js (HTML5 support in IE8)
- __font/__ contains the excellent FontAwesome webfont (included in Spark)
- __less/__ the LESS files for building Spark using the LESS compiler (Spark LESS files, FontAwesome LESS files and a handy vendors LESS file with functions for adding vendor prefixes to CSS3 properties in __less/classes__)
- __templates/__ some simple templates to get you started with Spark
- __LICENSE__ is Spark’s license file, under the MIT license
- __README.md__ is this file.

## Author &amp; Copyright
Spark is &copy; 2013-2014 __Scott Fotheringham__ at <a href="https://www.pixelbendstudios.com">Pixelbend Studios LTD.</a>, released under the [MIT license](dist/LICENSE).
